Chumley: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
WHO WILL REPRESENT OUR
MOST ILLUSTRIOUS ACADEMY
IN THE ANNUAL SCHOOL DUEL?
INTRODUCING FIRST
FROM THE RA DORM--
BASTION MISAWA!
AND THEN FROM SLIFER--
SOME KID.
GOOD LUCK, PAL!
WITH THE DECK
I'VE PREPARED,
I DON'T NEED LUCK.
YEAH? WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT.
I ACTIVATE
THE ALL-POWERFUL
WATER DRAGON!
AVIAN AND BUBBLEMAN,
GET READY TO MERGE
WITH SPARKMAN
TO CREATE
THE ONE AND ONLY
ELEMENTAL HERO
TEMPEST!
I DON'T THINK SO,
JADEN.
GO, CURSED SEAL
OF THE FORBIDDEN SPELL!
I CAN NEGATE
YOUR SPELL CARD
AND DESTROY IT.
HUH? UNH!
AND YOU CAN NO LONGER
USE THE CARD
THAT WAS DESTROYED
BY THIS EFFECT
FOR THE REMAINDER
OF THE DUEL.
WAIT! I CAN'T USE
POLYMERIZATION
ANYMORE?
NO FUSIONS!
BUT THAT'S HOW JADEN
WINS ALL HIS DUELS!
COMPUTE IT
ANY WHICH WAY YOU LIKE,
BUT THE ANSWER
WILL ALWAYS
COME OUT THE SAME.
YOU CAN'T WIN.
OHH!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[BEEPING]
IF I CAN JUST CRACK
THIS PASSWORD
I'LL BE ABLE TO ACCESS ALL OF
DUEL ACADEMY'S STUDENT FILES...
GOT IT!
HUH?
ATTICUS RHODES...
STUDYING ABROAD
ON SPECIAL SABBATICAL?
HMM.
AND THIS ONE'S GONE, TOO.
AND SO IS THIS ONE.
AND HIM. AND HER.
BUT THERE'S NO
FORWARDING ADDRESS.
I DON'T BUY IT.
THESE MUST BE
THE MISSING STUDENTS.
AND THE ACADEMY MUST BE
TRYING TO COVER IT UP.
I SMELL A FRONT PAGE SCANDAL...
PLUS A MAJOR PAYDAY
FOR THE REPORTER WHO
BREAKS THE STORY!
THANKS FOR THE SCOOP,
DUEL ACADEMY!
AND GOOD LUCK SURVIVING
ALL THE BAD PUBLICITY!
FACE IT, JADEN,
WITH YOUR FUSION
MONSTERS NEUTRALIZED
AND MY WATER DRAGON
ABOUT TO STRIKE,
YOU AND YOUR MONSTERS
ARE ABOUT TO BE
ALL WASHED UP!
I CAN'T WATCH...
IT'S NOT ALL BAD.
JADEN STILL HAS
MORE LIFE POINTS.
[THINKING]
COME ON, JADEN...
FIGHT BACK...
WELL...PERHAPS
WE'VE UNDERESTIMATED
BASTION.
HE'S BEEN PLAYING
THIS LIKE A PRO.
AFTER ALL...
WITH JUST ONE CARD...
HE'S ALL BUT DISARMED
JADEN'S DECK.
COME ON...HE'S
JUST TAKEN AWAY
JADEN'S ABILITY
TO USE FUSION MONSTERS,
THAT'S ALL.
BUT THAT MIGHT
BE ENOUGH.
FUSION MONSTERS ARE HOW
JADEN WINS ALL HIS DUELS.
THAT'S IT, BASTION,
SHOW THIS SLIFER SLACKING
SLUDGE WHO'S BOSS!
SHOW HIM HE DOESN'T BELONG
IN THE SCHOOL DUEL!
MY, PHARAOH.
THIS DOES NOT LOOK GOOD.
MY GO! AND I'M
GONNA SWITCH SPARKMAN
TO DEFENSE MODE!
AND I'LL LEAVE IT
AT THAT.
AT WHAT?!
NOT MUCH TO DO
WHEN YOU'VE BEEN STRIPPED
OF THE ABILITY
TO USE YOUR FAVORITE
MONSTERS, EH, JADEN?
WRONG! THERE'S
LOADS TO DO--
LIKE FINDIN'
A NEW PLAN.
IT'LL BE TOUGH,
BUT I'M UP FOR IT!
AND THEN, BASTION,
IT'LL BE ALL
THE SWEETER...
WHEN I WIN!
YES, WHEN YOU WIN.
WELL, WE HAVE NOTHING
IF NOT OUR DREAMS,
I SUPPOSE,
HOWEVER FAR FETCHED...
NOW THEN, LET'S GET ON
WITH THIS DUEL,
SHALL WE, JADEN?
MY DRAW!
I PLAY...THE MATHEMATICIAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
YOU SEE...
WHEN THIS IS SUMMONED,
I MUST SEND ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK TO THE GRAVE.
BUT THEN, IF MATHEMATICIAN
HAPPENS TO BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE...
I CAN TAKE A CARD
FROM MY DECK...
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND.
OF COURSE...NONE OF THAT
IS VERY PRESSING
RIGHT THIS MOMENT...
WHAT, WITH MY WATER DRAGON
ABOUT TO SURGE INTO ACTION!
AAH!
AND NOW...MATHEMATICIAN
ATTACKS YOUR HERO AVIAN!
NUMBER CRUNCHER!
[GRUNTING]
[MOANING]
Syrus: JUST WHEN WE
THOUGHT IT COULDN'T
GET ANY WORSE!
[THINKING]
NOW THAT I HAVE RECORDS
OF THOSE MISSING STUDENTS,
I'LL BE ABLE TO SELL
THIS STORY FOR A FORTUNE!
SURE, THE SCANDAL
WILL PROBABLY RUIN DUEL ACADEMY.
BUT, OH WELL.
YOU'RE OLD.
HA HA! HMM?
HEY...IT'S COOL!
[GROANS]
YOU GOOD, OLD TIMER?
STOP IT WITH THAT!
HEY, SKYSCRAPER!
YOU LIKE
THAT CARD, TOO?
THAT KID! WHY CAN'T I
JUST FORGET ABOUT HIM?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
HMM?
HOW 'BOUT THAT.
IT'S THAT DUEL
THOSE SLIFERS WANTED ME
TO COME AND SEE;
THE ONE THAT'S SUPPOSED
TO CHANGE MY LIFE.
AND LOOK!
IT SEEMS JADEN IS LOSING.
WELL, MY TURN'S
DONE, JADEN...
SO...IF YOU STILL
PLAN ON BEATING ME...
FEEL FREE TO GO AHEAD
AND DO YOUR WORST.
YOU BET I WILL!
CUZ MY DUEL'S
JUST STARTIN'!
IS IT?
YEP...YA SEE...
WE'RE DIFFERENT!
YOU MAKE ALL
YOUR MOVES AT HOME!
I DO MINE
ON THE FIELD!
THAT'S RIGHT!
YEAH, JADEN PLAYS
WITH HIS GUT.
KINDA LIKE HOW
I THINK WITH MINE!
ALRIGHT,
WHERE WERE WE?
FIRST...I'M GONNA
SUMMON HERO BUBBLEMAN!
IN...ATTACK MODE!
[GRUNTS]
NOW WHEN I SUMMON
BUBBLEMAN...
IF I HAVE NO
OTHER CARDS OUT...
THAT'S A GOOD THING!
KNOW WHY?
CUZ IT MEANS I CAN
DRAW TWO CARDS!
AND ONE OF 'EM...
I'LL PLAY RIGHT NOW!
THE EQUIP SPELL,
BUBBLE BLASTER!
THIS LETS BUBBLEMAN
GAIN 800 ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW...
BUBBLEMAN! ATTACK!
[GRUNTING]
WELL PLAYED,
BUT SINCE YOU DESTROYED
MATHEMATICIAN...
HIS ABILITY ACTIVATES...
ALLOWING ME TO DRAW
ONE CARD.
YEAH, YEAH,
BUT IT'S
STILL MY TURN,
AND I'M GONNA THROW
DOWN TWO FACE DOWNS!
NEXT...I'M GONNA
PLAY THE SPELL CARD...
MIRAGE OF NIGHTMARE!
AND THEN I'LL
CALL IT A TURN!
SEE, I'M NO
ONE TRICK PONY!
YA TAKE AWAY
MY FUSION MONSTERS,
AND, WELL...I'LL
JUST COME RIGHT
BACK AT YA
WITH SOMETHIN' ELSE!
CUZ, IT'S NOT
ABOUT THE FUSIN',
BASTION,
IT'S ABOUT
THE MONSTER,
AND MINE ARE STILL
RARIN' TO GO!
I'M SURE.
BUT THE FACT
OF THE MATTER IS, JADEN,
YOUR MOST POWERFUL
MONSTERS ARE NOT.
WHEN WILL YOU ACCEPT
THAT DUELING IS
NOTHING MORE
THAN A NUMBERS GAME?
A NUMBERS GAME THAT I HAVE
CALCULATED EFFECTIVELY
AND YOU HAVE NOT.
YOUR DEFEAT IS
IMMINENT, JADEN.
NOW...MY DRAW!
AND WITH IT,
THE EFFECT
A' MY SPELL
MIRAGE OF NIGHTMARE
ACTIVATES!
CUZ A' THIS
CARD'S EFFECT,
DURIN' YOUR
STANDBY PHASE,
I'M ALLOWED
TO DRAW...
AND...KEEP DRAWIN'
TILL I HAVE
FOUR CARDS!
AND NOW I'LL REVEAL
MY FACEDOWN CARD!
EMERGENCY
PROVISIONS!
NOW, ALLOW ME TO
EXPLAIN HOW IT
WORKS, BASTION.
BY SENDING ONE SPELL
OR TRAP ON MY FIELD
TO THE GRAVE...
I GAIN A THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS.
SO, ADIOS...
MIRAGE OF NIGHTMARE!
NOT A BAD MOVE.
I MEAN, FIRST,
HE PLAYS MIRAGE...
THEN DITCHES IT
BEFORE IT HURTS HIM!
UM...NOT THAT I CARE ABOUT
THIS DUEL OR ANYTHING...
ANYWAY...
HMM.
QUITE IMPRESSIVE.
HE'S SWITCHED
HIS STRATEGY
AND IS STILL
PLAYING WELL.
YEAH...
BUT CAN HE KEEP IT UP?
YOU'RE SIMPLY POSTPONING
THE INEVITABLE,
YOUR DECK'S A PROBLEM
THAT'S ALREADY BEEN SOLVED.
YOU'RE WRONG!
PERHAPS THIS WILL
CONVINCE YOU THEN--
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD,
POT OF GREED
FROM MY HAND!
DUE TO ITS EFFECT,
I DRAW TWO CARDS.
FURTHERMORE, THERE ARE NOW
TEN CARDS STACKED
ABOVE CARBONEDDON
IN THE GRAVEYARD.
BUT HE CAN HANDLE
THE PRESSURE.
IN FACT,
HE THRIVES ON IT.
BECAUSE NOW, DUE
TO THE IMMENSE
GRAVITATIONAL FORCE
ON CARBONEDDON,
HE CHANGES INTO DIAMOND!
AND THAT LET'S ME ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL EFFECT!
BY REMOVING
THIS CARD FROM PLAY,
I CAN NOW SUMMON HYOZANRYU,
THE DIAMOND DRAGON!
[SCREECHES]
NOW, HYOZANRYU
ATTACK BUBBLEMAN!
DIAMOND DEVASTATOR!
WHOOPSIE, BASTION!
WHEN A MONSTER
WITH BUBBLE BLASTER
IS BEATEN
IN BATTLE...
IT'S THE BLASTER
THAT GETS DESTROYED,
NOT THE MONSTER.
BUT NOW THAT YOUR
BLASTER'S GONE,
WHAT WILL PROTECT HIM
FROM THE WATER DRAGON?!
TIDAL BLAST!
[ROARING]
[GROANING]
AW, MAN!
GOOO, TRAP CARD!
HERO SIGNAL!
THIS ACTIVATES WHEN
ONE A' MY MONSTERS
IS DESTROYED!
NOW, BASTION...
I CAN SUMMON
A MONSTER
WITH ELEMENTAL HERO
IN ITS NAME
FROM MY DECK
OR FROM MY HAND!
AND I CHOOSE
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN!
[GROWLS]
PHEW.
MY...YOU JUST WON'T GIVE UP,
WILL YOU, JADEN?
YOU CERTAINLY ARE
ONE STUBBORN DUELIST.
THANKS, BASTION.
AT LEAST, I THINK
THAT THAT WAS
A COMPLIMENT.
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
THIS IS REALLY
GETTING GOOD!
I FORGOT HOW MUCH FUN
DUELING COULD BE!
HERE GOES...
HYAH!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL...
THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
WITH THIS
CARD'S EFFECT...
I CAN TAKE ONE
WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVE...
AND ADD IT STRAIGHT
TO MY HAND.
AND I'LL PICK...
BUBBLEMAN
AND SUMMON HIM
TO THE FIELD!
THEN I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD:
BUBBLE SHUFFLE!
WITH THIS, I CAN
CHANGE BUBBLEMAN
AND ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS...
FROM ATTACK MODE
TO DEFENSE MODE!
OH, AND THEN IF I
SACRIFICE BUBBLEMAN
WHILE HE'S
IN DEFENSE MODE?
I'M ALLOWED TO
SUMMON ANY MONSTER
WITH ELEMENTAL HERO
IN ITS NAME
FROM MY HAND.
AND GUESS WHAT,
BASTION?!
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M GONNA DO!
BUBBLEMAN, MOVE OVER
FOR ELEMENTAL HERO
BLADEDGE!
THOSE FUSION MONSTERS
MAY BE JADEN'S BEST...
BUT THAT THING IS
A CLOSE SECOND.
AND THIS SHOULD BE
A CLOSE MATCH UP!
AW, JADEN?!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THAT BLADEDGE
ONLY HAS 2600
ATTACK POINTS!
THAT'S NOT ENOUGH
TO BEAT THAT
WATER DRAGON!
HE'S RIGHT!
IT IS...
WHEN I USE THIS!
THE FIELD SPELL
SKYSCRAPER!
HUH?
OHH.
NOW WHEN A MONSTER
WITH ELEMENTAL HERO
IN ITS NAME BATTLES
IF IT HAS LESS
ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR MONSTER...
IT GAINS A THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS.
SO GO, BLADEDGE!
ATTACK WATER DRAGON
WITH SLICE
AND DICE ATTACK!!
NOW BLADEDGE'S
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
SEE, IF HE ATTACKS
A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE...
AND HAS MORE
ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS,
WELL THEN...
THE DIFFERENCE
IS DEALT
DIRECTLY TO YOU
AS DAMAGE!
[GROANING]
WELL, MY DRAGON HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY, TOO.
FOR YOU SEE, JADEN...
WHEN WATER DRAGON'S DESTROYED,
I CAN SUMMON
ONE OXYGEDDON
AND TWO HYDROGEDDONS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
A TRAP CARD! LAST MAGNET!
THIS ACTIVATES WHENEVER
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
IS DESTROYED.
THEN, IT EQUIPS ONTO
THE MONSTER
THAT WAS RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DESTRUCTION
AND CAUSES IT TO LOSE
800 ATTACK POINTS!
ERR.
YEAH, WELL CLAYMAN
CAN STILL CLOBBER
AT PEAK PERFORMANCE!
'SPECIALLY WITH
SKYSCRAPER STILL
OUT ON THE FIELD!
NOW, ATTACK OXYGEDDON
WITH CLAY CLOBBERER!
[SCREECHING]
OH, WOW!
THIS IS ONE
VERY LISHUS DUEL!
AND IT'S NOT
SLOWING DOWN!
GOOD SHOW, JADEN.
I DO WHAT I CAN.
HUH?
SKYSCRAPER...
THE CARD THAT RUINED ME...
THE CARD THAT MADE ME
PUT DOWN MY DECK FOR GOOD...
ALRIGHT, IT'S MY TURN!
FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
LITMUS DOOM RITUAL!
NOW, FROM MY FIELD
AND HAND,
I MUST SACRIFICE
A TOTAL OF 8 STARS
WORTH OF MONSTERS,
AND THEN I CAN SUMMON
LITMUS DOOM SWORDSMAN!
BUT HE HAS
ZERO ATTACK POINTS!
DOOM SWORDSMAN
ISN'T AFFECTED BY TRAPS
NOR CAN HE BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE.
ESSENTIALLY,
HE'S INVINCIBLE.
ALSO...WHEN THERE HAPPENS
TO BE A TRAP CARD OUT
ON THE FIELD...
JUST AS LAST MAGNET
IS RIGHT NOW...
HIS ATTACK AND DEFENSE
POINTS BECOME 3000!
SO NOW,
LITMUS DOOM SWORDSMAN...
GIVE BLADEDGE A TASTE
OF YOUR STEEL!
HYAH! HYAH!
[SCREECHES]
[GROANING]
HUH!
WELL DONE!
NOW, HYOZANRYU,
MAKE ME JUST AS PROUD
AND ATTACK CLAYMAN!
DIAMOND DEVASTATOR!
[GROANING]
THERE'S MORE.
NEXT, I PLAY
FROM MY HAND...
THE MIGHTY SPELL CARD...
A WINGBEAT OF GIANT DRAGON!
NOW, BY RETURNING
ONE LEVEL 5-OR-ABOVE
DRAGON-TYPE MONSTER
ON MY FIELD
BACK TO MY HAND,
ALL SPELL AND TRAP CARDS
ON THE FIELD ARE DESTROYED!
WHICH MEANS SKYSCRAPER
IS NOW DEMOLISHED!
AAH!
FINALLY, I'LL END
WITH A FACEDOWN.
AW, MAN!
THIS IS BAD!
JADEN'S LOST
HIS MONSTERS
AND HIS
FIELD SPELL CARD!
HE'S DEFENSELESS
OUT THERE!
WELL, I'LL TELL YA,
BASTION.
I DON'T THINK
I'VE EVER HAD
A MORE FUN DUEL!
GLAD YOU THINK SO!
UHH...
I'VE ENJOYED IT
AS WELL, JADEN.
AND WILL CONTINUE TO.
ESPECIALLY
WHEN I BEAT YOU!
ACTUALLY...
I'M ENDING THIS NOW!
HERE GOES...
SWEETNESS!
I'M GONNA SUMMON
A NEW ELEMENTAL HERO!
AND HERE HE IS...
ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART!
[GROWLS]
NEW ONE?
WELL, HE WON'T MAKE MUCH
OF AN IMPRESSION!
I'M ACTIVATING A TRAP!
SPIRIT BARRIER!
NOW, AS LONG AS I HAVE
A MONSTER ON THE FIELD,
SPIRIT BARRIER
WILL CHANGE
ANY BATTLE DAMAGE
DONE TO ZERO!
NUH-UH! TRAPS DON'T
WORK ON WILDHEART!
IS THAT SO?
WELL, I SUPPOSE
IT'S A GOOD THING
THAT THEY STILL WORK
ON MY SWORDSMAN THEN.
REMEMBER, WHEN
A TRAP CARD'S OUT,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
GO UP!
THEY SURE DO!
ALL THE WAY TO 3000!
NOT GOOD!
NAH, IT'S ALL GOOD,
CUZ I PLAY
CYCLONE BOOMERANG!
AND I'LL EQUIP
THIS SPELL CARD
ON WILDHEART,
RAISING HIS
ATTACK POINTS
BY 500!
BUT SO WHAT!
HE'S STILL SHORT
A THOUSAND!
YEAH, WHAT GIVES?!
[GASPS]
YOU'LL SEE
WHAT GIVES
WHEN THIS BOOMERANG
MAKES ITS RETURN TRIP!
AAH!
PERFECT, NOW I PLAY
BOOMERANG'S EFFECT!
SEE, WHEN THIS CARD
AND THE MONSTER
EQUIPPED WITH IT
ARE SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
ALL SPELL AND TRAP
CARDS ON THE FIELD
ARE AUTOMATICALLY
DESTROYED.
AND THEN, FOR EVERY
ONE DESTROYED,
YOU TAKE 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
[GASPS]
I GUESS WHEN IT CAME
TO JADEN YUKI,
BASTION
MISCALCULATED.
I GUESS...
OR MAYBE SOME STRATEGIES
YOU JUST CAN'T SOLVE...
Gerard: HE DID IT!
WAY TO GO, JADEN!
OH, WHADDA DUEL!
HUH? HEH HEH.
THANKS, JADEN.
HEY...HMM.
DOES THIS SLACKER
EVER LOSE?!
SO! THE WINNER...
IS JADEN YUKI!
WELL DONE!
YOU WILL BE DUEL ACADEMY'S
REP AT THE SCHOOL DUEL!
WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
YEAH!
GOOD JOB!
Bastion: INDEED.
YOU BEAT ME FAIR
AND SQUARE, JADEN.
RATHER, YOU BEAT
THIS DECK,
BUT YOU CAN BE
ASSURED THAT THERE
WILL BE ANOTHER.
AND ANOTHER DUEL,
I HOPE!
'TIL THEN!
YES, UNTIL THEN,
JADEN.
HMM? UH, HMM. HA!
HEY! YOU!
YOU'RE THE GUY THAT WAS
ASKING ME QUESTIONS
AT THE ABANDONED DORM!
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?!
WELL NOT
WHAT I THOUGHT.
WHAT?
YOU SEE, I CAME
HERE LOOKING
FOR A STORY,
BUT WHAT I FOUND WAS
SOMETHING VERY,
VERY DIFFERENT.
I FOUND THE DUELIST
INSIDE ME,
THE DUELIST
I THOUGHT...
WAS LONG GONE.
LOOK,
I'M A REPORTER.
A SLEAZY ONE,
I'LL ADMIT IT.
I MAKE A LIVING OFF
DIGGING UP DIRT.
BUT I DIDN'T ALWAYS.
I TOOK ON MONSTERS
AND SPELLS
BEFORE I TOOK
TABLOID PICTURES.
IT'S TRUE...I WAS...
A DUELIST...
LIKE JADEN
AND BASTION.
BUT I WASN'T
ANY GOOD.
I GOT BEAT
ALL THE TIME.
THE MEMORIES
WERE AWFUL.
BUT AFTER SEEING
TODAY'S MATCH?
IT MADE ME REMEMBER WHAT
DUELING'S REALLY ABOUT.
I HAD A GREAT LEAD
THAT I WAS GONNA SELL...
ONE THAT WOULD'VE PROBABLY
RUINED DUEL ACADEMY.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO
RUIN THIS PLACE.
NOT NOW.
HMM.
NOW, I ONLY WANNA HELP.
TO FIND THEM.
ALL THE MISSING STUDENTS.
INCLUDING YOUR
BROTHER, ALEXIS.
Syrus: I'M SO PROUD
OF YOU, JADEN!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT,
THAT SLIFER SLACKER'S
REPRESENTING US,
REPRESENTING ME!
ALRIGHT!
SCHOOL DUEL,
GET YOUR GAME ON,
CUZ HERE I COME!